their paths crossed like two hot wires
they lured off on what might easily have
been a wild romantic lark
almost before they knew it with the
giggles still in their hair
they bloody DUP or state
please honey don't never leave me
but knots and nothing Frank just figured
on some easy pickings in you Frank
you know Texas Ranger you ain't hardly
doing your job you ought to be home
protecting the rats of poor folk not out
chasing after us I know what do you want
to do with him then I bang him huh aah
take his picture and then everybody's
gonna see Captain Frank hammer of the
Texas Rangers with the Barrow gang now
you know we are just about friendliest
folks you would ever wanna meet
yeah get to go - aah
tommy's hold it hold it that's Bonnie
Faye Dunaway that's Clyde one big
you